Part 1: Description of Project, "OSX buttons on desktop using JavaScript, and a few php/asp examples".
	Hello everyone, Today I will be discussing the use of a few advanced techniques in web design.  Unfortunately I donÅft have the time to have a full length presentation on every element of CSS, JavaScript, and Server side scripting. However I will be able to at least touch base with these functions of web development.
	Today, I will be demonstrating how to create OSX style buttons on your Browser, and how to use this on your desktop in windows. This presentation will demonstrate the future of Browsers like Internet Explorer, and the use of transparent PNGÅfs in web design.  After this, I will then go over a few examples of php and asp.  Just so people realize whatÅfs going on, this demonstration will be using Internet Explorer 7 beta, which is finally capable of using transparent PNGÅfs.
	But you might ask, ÅgWhatÅfs the difference between PNGÅfs and Gif files?Åh Well, for starters, PNGÅfs support Alpha blending using the RGBA format, and can be used for shadowing, shading, color blending, and all sorts of other blending styles. Gifs only support pass through transparency, (Missing pixels, as opposed to blending).  Gifs also only support up to 256 colors, PNGÅfs are full 24-bit images with 8-bit alpha.  And finally Compression, PNGÅfs offer more compression than GIF files, however PNGÅfs are still ultimately larger due to being 32-bit file sized as opposed to 8-bit files.

Part 2: Demonstration of creating transparent PNG's using Photoshop, and demonstration of the use of "Blending options"
	A: Pick an application we would like to add graphically to the desktop. (Fire fox)
	B: find a file that will be useable to use "Select Color" to delete by color to remove outside border.

	C: use "Blending Options" to create shadowing, and other effects.
	D: Create a "Bar" for use with the app.
	LetÅfs start with creating an icon to use for our OSX buttons, How about we create icons for Fire fox and IE? (Open Firefox.png and IE.png located in materials directory.) As you can see my image editor of choice is PhotoshopÅc  Now letÅfs begin with the Fire fox icon, this one should be easy since we wonÅft have much we have to do with it besides resizing, however what if we want nice little things like shadows and we obviously donÅft want that pesky white space. (Demonstrate deleting the white space and creating a drop shadow for the icon. Resize the image to 150x150 for a detailed icon.) Well how about that? LetÅfs just save this and put it aside for now. (Save it to the working directory for the test site.) Now that pesky IE icon! As you can see, Microsoft before IE7 didnÅft believe in the use of PNG files.  So letÅfs clean this up make it useable for our project. (Delete the garbage out of the image and create a icon similar to the Fire fox icon. Save it to the working directory.) There, now weÅfre done. Next letÅfs create the graphic for the toolbar these icons will be resting in. (Demonstrate using Vectors in Photoshop to generate a toolbar, then save it in 3 parts, Left, Center, and Right.)
Part 3: Demonstration of writing the code in HTML 4.01 transitional.
Okay, now that we have our images, now we need to get them placed! First lets start with the tool bar, and then lets place some icons in it. (Demonstrate writing the HTML file using a CSS file, donÅft forget: <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css">
And: <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=Shift_JIS">  Also donÅft forget to ÅgNAMEÅh the images with name= and use frigginÅf alt tags.  Set the margin and padding of the body, and then set the table styles.  Make sure to top align and center align the image table.) 

Part 4: Demonstration of writing the code for JavaScript animation.
	Now letÅfs animate this! (Refer to the supplied text file for the java script, and make sure you match all names correctly, and have the functions set up correctly. The JavaScript MUST be written after the Images and still contained in <BODY></BODY>)

Part 5: Now for a background! Demonstration of CSS 2.0 elementsÅ@stretching, sizing, positioning and removal of scrollbars.
So, now that we have this done, how about a wall paper? (Use the wallpaper supplied in the materials directory.)

Part 6: Shameless plug of "http://yakko.cs.wmich.edu/~chibiskuld" and "Drum Game" and it's usage of Transparent PngÅfs.
Part 7: A few examples of PHP and ASP code.
	A: GotR's forum code.
		I: show how GotR pulls from a database and for images, text, and more.
		II: Show how GotR handles form input.
	B: http://yakko.cs.wmich.edu/~chibiskuld's php handling and "Geek Outs" File usage.
		I: show how ywce/~CS displays sections and handles address line input.
		II: show how ywce/~CS and ywce/~geekout share "Code" for displaying similar WebPages.
